@(#) $Header: README,v 1.2 94/06/13 12:34:50 leres Exp $ (LBL)

         The Major Software Packages available via anonymous ftp
                            from the
                     Network Research Group
                             at the
                  Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory

Unless otherwise noted, the latest version of each package is named
<package>.tar.Z (a compressed tarchive) and is found in the top level
directory of the host ftp.ee.lbl.gov (128.3.112.20). Don't forget to
set binary mode before retrieving. For each package, send bug reports
and questions to <package>@ee.lbl.gov.

    arpwatch - An ethernet monitor program that keeps track of
    ethernet/ip address pairings. This package requires the bpf and
    libpcap packages.

    bootbootp - A secondary bootstrap program used to boot a client
    over Ethernet. It uses the BOOTP protocol to obtain client and
    server info and NFS to load the boot image. This package is
    experimental and only supports SPARCstations (sun4c and sun4m). It
    can only be built on a SPARC runing 4.4 BSD.

    bpf - The Berkeley Packet Filter. Contains kernel modules for HP
    BSD and SunOS 3 and 4. NB: Full OS kernel source is required for
    installation.

    cslip - Compressed serial line ip package. Currently, the only
    supported systems are SunOS 3, SunOS 4 and 4 BSD.

    dexpire - Dynamic expire replacement for the netnews expire
    program.

    flex - A fast scanner-generator compatible with POSIX lex.

    glish - A language, interpreter, and C++ class library for building
    loosely-coupled distributed systems.

    libpcap - Packet Capture library. An uniform library interface to
    the packet capture systems including the Berkeley Packet Filter
    (BSD and SunOS), Data Link Provider Interface (Solaris and SYSV),
    Stanford Enetfilter (IBM RT/4.3BSD), Network Interface Tap (SunOS
    3), Streams Network Interface Tap (SunOS 4), Packet Filter, and
    Snoop (IRIX).

    papers - A directory containing a collection of papers on
    networking.

    ppsclock - Pulse per second Streams module for SunOS 4. Allows
    accurate timestamping of timecodes for use with XNTP and other
    applications.

    nslint - A lint program for dns files. It performs various
    consistency and error checks on named(8) input files.

    sd - Session Directory. An X11-based audio teleconferencing tool.

    testbase - Tests decimal <-> binary floating-point conversion for
    IEEE compliance.

    tcpdump - A protocol packet capture and dumper program.
    This package requires requires the libpcap package.

    traceroute - Prints the route packets take to a network host.

    vat - Visual Audio Tool. An X11-based audio teleconferencing tool.

    wb - Distributed whiteboard. An X11-based multicast tool.
